https://gokcesultankocaman-ceng495.onrender.com/

ADMIN:
username = gokce
password = kocaman

user1:
username = gokce
password = sultan

user2:
username = kerim
password = konar


I chose Flask for my e-commerce website  because I found it to be a flexible web framework that is easy to get up and running. Since I am already proficient in Python, I found Flask's documentation to be clear and accessible, and I could find many helpful tutorials and resources online to support my learning. Moreover, the extensive community of Flask developers and libraries allowed me to seamlessly integrate other technologies, like MongoDB Atlas, and easily expand my website's features. 



Mongodb Design:

I have 4 collections in my db

products collection fields:
_id:
type: ["Clothing","computer","monitor","snack"]
name:
description:
price:
seller:
image:
size:
colour:


products collection fields:
_id:
productId: 
rateValue:
userId:

reviews collection fields:
_id:
productId: 
reviewText:
userId:
userName:

users collection fields:
username:
password:
isAdmin:



When you visit this URL, which is https://gokcesultankocaman-ceng495.onrender.com/, you will be presented with a login prompt and a product display. I have provided you with the admin and user login credentials earlier. You can use those credentials to log in to the website. I have used the Flask-Login module to manage the authentication process on the website."

Once you log in as a user, you will see three tabs at the top of the page, which are 'Home', 'Logout', and 'Profile'. If you navigate to the 'Home' menu, you can click on the 'Products' which will take you to the product page. On the product page, you can find information about each product and even rate and review them. If you navigate to the 'Profile' menu, you will be able to view your previous ratings and reviews displayed along with your username

If you log in as an admin, you will notice some additional menus at the top. The 'Home' menu is the same as that of the user with the addition of a 'Delete' button. Using this button, you can delete products from the 'Home' menu. The 'Profile' menu remains the same for the admin as well, with no additional functionalities. At the bottom of the page, there are additional buttons for the admin including 'Add Item', 'Add User', and 'Remove User'. These buttons can be used to perform the respective actions of adding a new item, adding a new user, and removing an existing user from the system.






